docs: update plugin documentation (#888)
jackyzha0/quartz: docs/plugins/ContentIndex.md

---
title: ContentIndex
tags:
  - plugin/emitter
---

> This plugin creates a comprehensive index of the site's content, generating additional resources like a sitemap and RSS feed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin emits RSS as well as a XML site map for your site. The RSS feed allows users to subscribe to content on your site and the sitemap allows search engines to better index your site.
```

Reviewer 2: It also creates a `contentIndex.json` file which is used by dynamic frontend components like search and graph
